How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Viewing the diff allowed me to avoid comparing line-by-line visually,
and let me focus only on the lines where that were not identical between the two versions.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

When I have access to the entire history of a file,
I can experiment with making changes
without worrying that I might lose the work I had already done.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, versus having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

The advantage of manually choosing when to create a commit is that each commit can encompass a logical change, so that each version has meaning. The advantage of having versions automatically saved is that you don't have to remember to save them yourself.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, 
allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is designed to be used for repositories where multiple files depend on one another,
while Google Docs is designed to be used for storing files that work independently of each other.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

First, use the 'git log' command to view a list of recent commits,
including their commitID and label.
Type 'q' to escape from the git log output.
Then use 'git diff [commitID of first commit] [commitID of second commit]'
to see exactly which lines were added or removed between the two files.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

When using version control, it is easy to go back to a previous version where things worked. You can look at exactly which lines changed between the working version and the broken version.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to have more confidence in commiting code for IC.